Go Support AxaTheArcticFox, just have some bleach prepared though first!
Aron, Medical and Woag thanks for all of the support recently!
The First ever TJM Frostbite test lasted for 6 days!
02/12/2023 at 22:38:58, this was written by JM :D
TJM Frostbite has a total of 2 developers, wow.
I wonder if anyone remembers Burning Flames...
Why is Grandmaster's head everywhere?
30/11/2023 was the art channels PEAK!
Burning Flames not Included...
Mini Mayhem not Included...
Farmers Land not Included...
TJM Dungeons not Included...
Jungle PvP not Included...
Blocksetra not Included...
The Climb not Included...

JM is straight so like, chill.
JM is a medic and a engineer!
JM is the tallest in the trio at a height of 6"2
JM is straight so like, chill.
JM is a medic and a engineer!
JM is the tallest in the trio at a height of 6"2
Fun Fact: JM does not have a left foot, its mechanical.
It is canon that JM has a fear of the nether.
JM has Separation Anxiety Disorder (SAD)
JMs Birthday is on November the 15th.
Imagine if JM was a medic, oh wait...

Cassie? where did one of your eyes go?
Cassie's Birthday is on April the 3rd.
Cassie can't swim, what a idiot...
Cassie owns a underground cafe!
Cassie? where did one of your eyes go?
Cassie's Birthday is on April the 3rd.
Cassie can't swim, what a idiot...
Cassie owns a underground cafe!
If you call Cassie by her full name she will hunt you down!
Cassie is the 2nd tallest in the trio at a height of 5"9
Cassandra? Cassie? there both the same person...
Fun Fact: Cassie has really buffed arms!

Askri canonally does weed once a year, because its funny.
Askri is the 3rd tallest in the trio at a height of 5"2!
Askri is freakishly light compaired to a normal human.
Askri's Birthday is on June the 27th.
Askri is not evil trust.
Askri? Genderfluid?
Askri is not evil trust.
Askri? Genderfluid?
Does Askri have a bat fursona? yep!
I Think Askri likes getting drunk...

Stacey has Congenital Analgesia! (CIP)
Stacey loves exploring but can't...
Stacey can actually heal people with her arm.
Stacey can make people not feel pain, briefly.
Pretty bracelet Miss, does it have any powers?
High five! wait, wrong arm...
Imagine only having one functioning arm, oh wait...

Kath has a nickname, Kathy... yeah its plain.
Kath treats Stacey like a parent, odd..
Kath is canonly stronger then Cassie!
Kath has a amethyst necklace made by Stacey.
Kath likes women, so real.
Due to being blind, Kath loves anything soft.
All that POWER just to have no sight, useless!

Scrangle loves seeing a high bounty!
WHY ARE YOU BALD? ARE YOU OK?!
Axa slide me a pint!
Icy? i don't see...
Mill? whos that?
Grandum style